# Documenting contributions/meetings:

### Meeting 1: Monday Mar 19, 2018:
  * Checked out approachable/beginner-friendly/Python open source projects.

  * Picked qutebrowser

### Meeting 2 (in class) Tuesday Mar 20, 2018:
  * Updated the projects page to reflect this week's milestones.

    * See [Sprint 0 Task Board](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s18/qutebrowser-team/projects/1) for this week's milestones (and progress))

  * Familiarized ourselves with the developer environment.
  * Familiarized ourselves with the contribution guidelines.
  * Looked at issues with an easy label

    * Reviewed closed issues which had had pull requests accepted as a model to follow.
    * Narrowed down and made a list of open issues which seemed approachable (easy label, low priority, stale, beginner-friendly).

  * Came up with a few issues we might consider posting (after we sure they're actually issues/haven't been addressed yet).

### Meeting 3: Monday Mar 26, 2018:

  * Updated the projects page to reflect this week's milestones.

    * See [Sprint 1 Task Board](https://github.com/nyu-ossd-s18/qutebrowser-team/projects/2) for this week's milestones (and progress))
  * Went through the issues we identified and had discussion re: how we might go about solving each one.

  * Picked out first issue we wanted to focus on.

  * Made plan / divided work to go through code base so that we can possibly resolve the issue.

  * Took some time to confirm one of the issues we identified is a decent issue / has not been posted / made plan to post it.

### Meeting 4 (in class) Tuesday Mar 27, 2018:

  * Looked at the issues we decided to tackle first in detail.
    * Found that some of them had been fixed, but not closed, so we inquired about that (Juan commented specifically on the main issue we wanted to contribute to). It turns out there is still an area that hasn't been addressed and is open, so we're considering adding that to the agenda.

  * Got started on our plan B, which does require some coding, and which we found to be a really interesting and useful feature request. We all split up the code base to look for where the solution might be.
    * Ended up being harder than we expected. Resolving it is our main goal for our next weekly meeting on Monday, Apr 2.

  * Identified possible additional issues.

### Meeting 5 Monday Apr 2, 2018:


<!-- (Things to keep track of for progress and end-of-semester presentation:
How you went about things
What you were able to accomplish
How things went
Document meetings
Document things that you tried and did not work
Document issues that you considered and rejected.) --!>
